okay I just wanted to do a sound
comparison test I've got another YouTube
video up of the TaylorMade exhaust on
this bike but one of my buddies just got
brand new 2012 of course as you can see
CBR 1007 and i thought this was a really
good opportunity to really show the
differences between stock sound and the
TaylorMade so the only difference is in
these bikes performance wise is of
course this one's completely stock has
not been broken in yet it's got maybe 50
miles on it this bike here it's got the
TaylorMade slip on the Power Commander 5
and the IRC and it has about 1500 miles
on it so go crank them up I wanted to do
this without cutting the you know
without cutting the video so you're
gonna be able to you know hear on
back-to-back no cuts or jumps in the
video you know same day just seconds
apart so here we go
both of the revs I only revved it up to
about 6,000 rpms on both of them like I
said because this one is not been broken
in yet so I didn't want to really rev it
up too high it was about 6,000 at the
max whenever i revved it on this one and
same on this one maybe in the future I
can get another video of revving them up
to about twelve thousand rpms once this
one here gets broken say can hear
another sound difference there but maybe
that I don't know just I know whenever I
was trying to I was in the market for
the TaylorMade there wasn't a whole lot
I mean there was a lot of info on it but
there wasn't a lot of you know
side-by-side sound comparisons and I
just hope maybe this will help somebody
else who was in the same boat as me so
if you got any questions you can email
them or you know just comment on them
and I'll try my best to get back get
back to you with the right answer and if
I don't know the answer I'll let you
know that too so